█▀█ █▀█ █
█▀▀ █▄█ █ is a very minimal markup language

it tries to be very minimal with not many elements,
inspired by multiple lightweight markup languages.

That means that certain elements that exist in other
markup languages aren't in Poi, these include: in
general lists, regardless of if they are ordered or
unordered; blockquotes; bolds; code-blocks and
inline-code.

But Poi allows other elements like: images and
footnotes.


  Emphasis:

Emphasis follows an space followed two slashes
and then followed without a space by the text that
should be empasised. It ends with two slashes following
the text without an space between the text and the
slashes, but there must be an space after them.


  Images:

Images are wrapped inside of two curly brackets with
the link and an alternative text after a vertical bar.


  Links:

Links can be automatically deteted, but only if the
possess the "https"-scheme.

When inlining link, they are wrapped in two square
brackets, following the link and on optional
display text that followes the vertical bar.


  Paragraph:

To denote a paragraph, the line of the paragraph must
not be empty. The paragraph ends with an empty line.


  Headings:

To stay relatively simple and similar to other markup
languages, Poi uses the atx-style of headings with an
octothorp(#) in a single line and all the following
text will be part of the heading until it hits a
newline.
In addition only 3 heading levels are supported, else
the line will be assumed to be part of a normal
paragraph.


  Footnotes:

The footnotes are very similar to the way that extended
markdown has footnotes, with the exception that after
the open square bracket([) will not need a caret(^) and
is just the identifier of the footnote and it will
close with the closed square bracket(]).
The identifier can not contain any spaces or tabs.

To declare footnote, another square bracket with and
identifier between the brackets and an colon must be
present, after the colon the text can follow.
When the following lines are indented by at least two
spaces or a tab, then those lines will still be
included in the footnote.


                                         vim:cc=1,28,55
